docs: update iOS SDK docs (#17470)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/ios/_snippets/autocapture.mdx

PostHog autocapture automatically tracks the following events for you:

-   **Application Opened** – when the app is opened from a closed state or when the app comes to the foreground (e.g. from the app switcher)
-   **Application Backgrounded** – when the app is sent to the background by the user
-   **Application Installed** – when the app is installed
-   **Application Updated** – when the app is updated
-   **$screen** – when the user navigates (if using `UIViewController`)

> -   **$autocapture** – when the user interacts with elements in a screen if using `UIKit` and `captureElementInteractions` is enabled

Reviewer: Previous “UIKit based” was a bit more accurate since it also works on SwiftUI views that are UIKit based

> -   **$autocapture** – when the user interacts with elements in a screen if using `UIKit` and `captureElementInteractions` is enabled

Author: ```suggestion
-   **$autocapture** – when the user interacts with elements in a screen (`UIKit based`) and `captureElementInteractions` is enabled
```

-   **Application Installed** - when the app is installed
-   **Application Updated** - when the app is updated
-   **$screen** - when the user navigates (if using `UIViewController`)
-   **$rageclick** - when the user rapidly taps in the same area (iOS/macCatalyst, `UIKit based`)

> `$autocapture` interaction events are not enabled by default. Enable them with `captureElementInteractions = true`.

Author: this should still be an item in the bullet point as before

Author: Fixed in 3486765b9f — restored `$autocapture` as a bullet item and kept the disabled-by-default note in that bullet.

### Capturing screen views in SwiftUI

To track a screen view in `SwiftUI`, apply the `postHogScreenView` modifier to your full-screen views. 

> PostHog will send a `$screen` event when the `onAppear` action is executed and will infer a screen name based on the view's type. You can provide a custom name and event properties if needed.

Reviewer: Not sure if ‘ or ' is more accurate grammatically but seems this fix was applied to multiple places
